Since newer Firmware Versions used for smaller outline devices (since Firmware v28K.RPT.20180614) the firmware itself has quite been striped down, since they often only have 8MB of ROM, many of the prior features have been removed from the WebUI, in order to save space. The following HTML Files provided through httpd have been removed:
- /wl_adv.htm (Advanced Wireless Settings)
- man_setting.htm (Backup and Restore Settings) // is there but completely broke functionality

Without /wl_adv you will not be able to toggle full data rate, further the device will also not be able to operate in wifi to ethernet bridge mode without wifi overhead. This is, because these devices do not provide an official bridge mode, but rather always have the interfaces eth0 and ra0 bridged (AP Mode), or in Repeater mode, the radio will also act as a wifi client as the eth1 interface, being further added to the brige. Essentially, the firmware does not allow a brige mode, using only the eth0 (Ethernet Port) and eth1 (WiFi Client) interface, but rather always also broadcasts wifi beacons with the default 802.11 interval, to advertise its own Extender SSID. This will cause overhead, even if no clients are actually connected to the newly created/extended wifi network. Disabling the "Broadcast SSID" Option will also disable the default beacons and cause beacons only be sent out in 20MHz Bandwidth mode, when still necessary (when scanning for networks). This will remove overhead and has shown great results. Maxing out the 100Mbps Ethernet Port was no problem at all, even with a room with a closed door in between. 

The above described workaround for better Bridge performance can still be done on above 2018 Firmware Versions, but requires the command to be send directly. 